you're going to guess my favorite
football team I'm going to give you a
clue it's not my chest agentic I sort of
like my talk about sports day
specifically resolved Jim there's one
thing that unites the hope it starts to
be who all do that in sports just unites
everybody people love and passion for
sports knows no gender no age race
religion it's perfect control it's
something everybody likes to get
together talk about and find about an
argue about like how I like to get
together with some of my friends talk
crap about just invited
dates off work it's hungry so the name
of sportsmanship I had made up that way
I'm getting too carried away I mean it's
not there for me i baptise their fault
they were born for big things of those
defined so Arsenal's not gonna win this
year's ppl but there's always next year
try try try again there's always gonna
be another mountain I do hope Chelsea
needs my just invited
me
it's a nice person I'm telling you like
whoa good here's my advice to all the
girls watching out there even if you
know nothing about football I don't have
any interest let me tell you something I
never had any interest I do know the
first thing about football but i found
out that it's a really good way to
network with people and it's it's a good
icebreaker you can talk to anybody when
you thought what people i talked to all
people we can talk to people from races
and different bad parents because of a
lot more my thing you don't even feel
like the same key you just need to know
enough to you know have a good argument
without the person it's pretty fun it's
all in the name of love brevity little
sport so I advise you to go read up
three went off site will is probably
not that it should be retention the
passion for sports is also very healthy
thing else like push through heavy
passionate on advanced products kurtz
marc jacobs cuz that's very unhealthy on
your wallet unless of course you can run
it for it than what do right now so this
is just a short video let me know your
favorite football team and I like to
know if you're a fellow lunar as well if
I will be an extra and I shall see you
guys in the next video bye